
Once there was a man named Paul that had been my teacher and my mentor for many years. 
One year I had tried to make a resume and a cover letter for an internship. 
My mentor told me that this time that I was complete this individually and I must learn myself
on how to be professional and not always rely on someone.
I spent hours and hours on that resume and cover letter 
for this prestigious internship, but I took this as an 
opportunity to better myself and to focus on strengthening my weaknesses. 
The deadline was approaching and I was beginning to get stressed and 
frustrated. Maybe that this was too much for me and I couldn't do it.

I took a walk alone to calm myself down. It was pitch black outside, with a sole street 
light flickering on and off. The breeze was crisp and gave off a quiet hum. I wondered 
if there was going to be any way that I could get these documents done. As I 
turned to head back, Paul appeared right in front of me out of the blue. I begged 
him for help in figuring out how to write my letters. All he simply said was, 
"Do you." It hit me that I just had to do what I do best.


And what do I do best, you may ask?! Dance. Yes, you heard that right, I dance 
like no one has ever danced before. Paul exploded in a burst of light, which
was normal for him to do, so I paid no attention. I spent the next 20 years of 
my life non stop dancing across the world, and the Universe. Dancing on Saturn's 
rings was definetely a highlight of my dancing career. So much time had passed, 
and I still had no resume. But that didn't matter! I was the Emperor of Dancing, 
recognized in multiple galaxies. Happy that I had found my inner self, I returned 
to Earth to continue my career as a college student, aged 40 years old.

On my resume, I only added that I can dance, and also how much I can dance. I listed 
all the competitions I won and the titles I got. I talked about the process I learn dancing
since I was very young, and the talked about how I overcome all the struggles I went through.


After all the struggles, I was revolutionizing dance moves and I was the most 
talked about performer of the century and I was instantly a favorite on the
top artists list. I was on the radio, the television, you name it and I was 
there. I was revolutionizing hip hop and it was the only thing I wish I ever
did.
